Tell me, what conditions do you need?
We are all so familiar
I certainly wouldn't ask for anything too much.
I just hope to find two trustworthy people to reach out
Okay
Help me down the market when I sell
So you want bodyguards?
Don't you want to take the college entrance examination?
how
Do you still want to participate in self-employed antique scalping?
My college entrance doesn't affect my business
Besides, it's not a shady thing
I'm short of money after all
I have to support myself
I'll take care of you
You study hard
Not to mention
I've already gone through the admission procedures for you.
Just take a good class
Really?
Can I really? Of course
But you can if you don't want to go to school
I can support you for the rest of my life
Shit, of course I'm going
Besides, you will definitely go back to the capital
I don't need you.
Even a real couple
Over time, you will eventually have something to eat
It's all up to me to support you
Are you making generalizations?
There is still marital love in this daily life
The wife who takes care of the children
Respected by lovers
Captain Rong
How can you see what's going on in other people's beds?
What we can see
It's what others want us to see
Besides, I won't spend my whole life
To read a person's concept of being good to themselves
Who did you learn that from?
set by set
Your mother?
Grandma Xia, she kept sheep, she knows a lot
Okay, but I still suggest you
Appreciate this opportunity to learn
Study hard
Talk back
How long will you need this bodyguard?
Just like Chenchen.
I only need it on weekends
He came over to help me set the stage
15 yuan a month
Chenchen
Do you know what Chenchen's identity is?
He is the first place in the military competition
Even if it's insurance
What level of leader is the bodyguard for?
And you know what?